Build a mobile app and a web app that ask the user to upload a CSV file as input. This file will contain Column A (Test_date_time), Column B (Profile_id), Column D (Test_result), Column E (Test_status), Column F (Lab_name), Column J (Truelab id), Column K (Lot). Now the app will have 4 sections 'Profile ID Analysis' , 'Lot Specific Analysis', 'Trend Analysis' and ‘Weekly Analysis’. The 'Profile ID Analysis' section will provide lab name and Truelab ID  in rows followed by Total tests, Total Detected, Total Invalid/ Total Indeterminates, Invalid/Indeterminate percentage and the invalid percentage in the first 10 entry under each lab name (can be calculated by counting total invalids from first 10 data entries of each lab names). The 'Lot Specific Analysis' section will have lot numbers in the row followed by Total runs, Total Invalids/Indeterminates and Invalid/Indeterminates percentage. The 'Trend analysis' section will provide a graphical representation of Monthly Total Tests and also Total Invalids, Weekly Total Tests and Total Invalids. The ‘Weekly Analysis’ section will display a table with lab names in the row followed by total runs on weekly basis, total invalids/total indeterminates (weekly basis) and invalid %/indeterminate% (weekly basis). There will be a drop-down filter based on profile ID common for all the sections. There will be a first page displaying “Truenat Dashboard Data Analysis Tool”, “Designed by Subhadeep. S” and it should be aligned properly. In the Profile ID analysis section, add profile ID summary containing Total Runs, Total Invalids, Total Indeterminates, Overall Invalid/Indeterminate %. Make the display tables in the Profile id Analysis, Lot Analysis and Weekly analysis section scroll-able both sideways and downwards. In the Trend analysis section, Cross check whether both Total runs and Total invalids are getting plotted both in the Monthly Trend Analysis and Weekly Trend analysis. Also add a Download CSV file option. Give the app a modern and professional look. Make the app bug free completely, recheck it twice and provide the preview. Double check that the Truelab ID is visible in the profile ID section. Make it a mobile app version also. Make the first page stylish, modern and professional.